README.md, before:

# mixtape

A repo where my friend and I recommend one song to each other each day.

## Commit Format

- YYYYMMDD using our local date, latest top

  - __songName__ by who OR __songName__ from whichAlbum
  - any comments
  - ...

## Let's Mix

- 20170828
  
  - __Seasons of Love__ from Glee or Rent(musical)
  - How do you measure a year in the life? How do you measure the life of a woman or a man?

- 20170827

  - __F**kin' Perfect__ by P!nk
  - From time to time, I need to listen to this song, cry badly, and then feel much more put together.

- 20170827

  - __All of Me (Live)__ from iTunes Festival: London 2013 by John Legend
  - A live unplugged version.

- 20170826

  - __Beauty and the Beast__ from the movie Beauty and the Beast by Ariana Grande & John Legend
  - My favorite fairy tale hands down. Even though it's overly old and classic, the story is surprisingly short without the songs, and tons of things are super unreasonable, I still, and always, sing with all my heart along with the melody.

- 20170827

  - __I'm Beginning To See the Light__ from Manchester By the Sea (Original Soundtrack Album)
  - My personal favorite 2016 movie. It'a portrait of individual misery, of whom can't help but find shards of hummor wherever he looks.
    > “What happened to your hand?” Patrick asks Lee, noticing bandages and blood. </br>
    > “I cut it.” </br>
    > “Oh, thanks. For a minute there I didn’t know what happened.”

- 20170825

  - __Malibu__ by Miley Cyrus
  - You won't believe it's her, but here she is. What can I say other than LOVE does change people.

- 20170824

  - __苦瓜__ by 陈奕迅
  - Life is all about learning and growing up.
  - Fun fact: My boyfriend recommended this song to me, and apparently he has a really good taste in Cantonese songs.

- 20170825

  - __Jai Ho__ from Slumdog Millionaire (Music from the Motion Picture)
  - My afterwork must-have on the subway

Commit message:

add: If the Hudson Overflows
- 20170829

  - __If the Hudson Overflows__ by Goldspot
  - One of so many great songs about New York City.

README.md, after:

# mixtape

A repo where my friend and I recommend one song to each other each day.

## Commit Format

- YYYYMMDD using our local date, latest top

  - __songName__ by who OR __songName__ from whichAlbum
  - any comments
  - ...

## Let's Mix

- 20170829

  - __If the Hudson Overflows__ by Goldspot
  - One of so many great songs about New York City.

- 20170828

  - __Seasons of Love__ from Glee or Rent(musical)
  - How do you measure a year in the life? How do you measure the life of a woman or a man?

- 20170827

  - __F**kin' Perfect__ by P!nk
  - From time to time, I need to listen to this song, cry badly, and then feel much more put together.

- 20170827

  - __All of Me (Live)__ from iTunes Festival: London 2013 by John Legend
  - A live unplugged version.

- 20170826

  - __Beauty and the Beast__ from the movie Beauty and the Beast by Ariana Grande & John Legend
  - My favorite fairy tale hands down. Even though it's overly old and classic, the story is surprisingly short without the songs, and tons of things are super unreasonable, I still, and always, sing with all my heart along with the melody.

- 20170827

  - __I'm Beginning To See the Light__ from Manchester By the Sea (Original Soundtrack Album)
  - My personal favorite 2016 movie. It'a portrait of individual misery, of whom can't help but find shards of hummor wherever he looks.
    > “What happened to your hand?” Patrick asks Lee, noticing bandages and blood. </br>
    > “I cut it.” </br>
    > “Oh, thanks. For a minute there I didn’t know what happened.”

- 20170825

  - __Malibu__ by Miley Cyrus
  - You won't believe it's her, but here she is. What can I say other than LOVE does change people.

- 20170824

  - __苦瓜__ by 陈奕迅
  - Life is all about learning and growing up.
  - Fun fact: My boyfriend recommended this song to me, and apparently he has a really good taste in Cantonese songs.

- 20170825

  - __Jai Ho__ from Slumdog Millionaire (Music from the Motion Picture)
  - My afterwork must-have on the subway
